plugin: Rework Documentation for Debugging Providers (#2247)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/plugin/debugging.mdx

In this example, the `hashicorp/example` provider binary will be sourced from the local filesystem path `/home/example/go/bin/terraform-provider-example`, while others will be sourced normally:

```hcl
provider_installation {
  dev_overrides {
    "hashicorp/example" = "/home/example/go/bin"
  }

  direct {}
}
```

Terraform CLI commands, such as `terraform apply`, will now use the specified provider binary. It is not necessary to run the `terraform init` command to use development overrides.

Refer to the [Terraform CLI Configuration File documentation](/cli/config/config-file#development-overrides-for-provider-developers) for additional information about the configuration file and the developement overrides functionality.

## Debugger-Based Debugging

Debugger-based debugging is a method of using a debugging tool similar to
[delve](https://github.com/go-delve/delve) to inspect what is happening in a
provider as it is happening, often using breakpoints to pause execution of the
provider and examine the values of variables. This method of debugging must be

> done contemporaneously; the developer doing the debugging needs to actively run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
done contemporarily; the developer doing the debugging needs to actively run
```

Terraform using the appropriate configuration and in the appropriate

> environment to induce the behavior being examined. It is therefore most useful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment to reproduce the issue. It is therefore most useful
```

This wasn't actually incorrect, but maybe this way flows better?
